feat: add optional migration pruning for tendermint consensus states (#2800)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/migrations/v6-to-v7.md

> ## Chains

Reviewer: the headline above needs to be updated (currently it's `Migrating from ibc-go v5 to v6`)

> Chains will perform automatic migrations to remove a localhost client, if it exists and to migrate the solomachine to the v3 of the protobuf definition. 

Author: ```suggestion
Chains will perform automatic migrations to remove existing localhost clients and to migrate the solomachine to the v3 of the protobuf definition. 
```

> An optional upgrade handler has been added to prune expired tendermint consensus states.

Author: ```suggestion
An optional upgrade handler has been added to prune expired tendermint consensus states. It may be used during any upgrade (not just to v7)
```
